doc/nrepl-config.md, before:

## Configuring the nREPL service

The `nREPL` service is intended to be used as a debugging tool and not directly called by any
other application code. So no useful functions are directly exported by this service. A `shutdown`
function is provided solely to allow the shutdown service to cleanly stop the `nREPL` server.

The `[nrepl]` section in a _trapperkeeper_ `.ini` configuration file specifies all the settings
needed to start up an `nREPL` server attached to _trapperkeeper_.

### `enabled`

The `enabled` flag is a boolean value, which can be set to either `"true"` or `"false"`. When
this is set to true, the `nREPL` server will start and accept connections. If this value is
not specified then `enabled=false` is assumed.

### `host`

The IP address to bind the nREPL server to. If not specified then `0.0.0.0` is used, which
indicates binding to all available interfaces.

### `port`

The port that the `nREPL` server is bound to. If no port is defined then the default value
of `7888` is used.

## Typical `config.ini` for nREPL

```ini
[nrepl]
port = 12345
enabled = true
```

## The `nREPL` server

For more information on the nREPL server see https://github.com/clojure/tools.nrepl/blob/master/README.md .

Commit message:

Allow for nrepl transport to be specified
nREPL supports a tty transport that allows for a user to telnet into nREPL
rather than having to use the default bencode protocol.

This is fairly useful with SublimeREPL as it doesn't have a 'connect
to a bencode repl' option for Clojure, it just has 'launch `lein
repl`' and 'telnet to a repl'.

doc/nrepl-config.md, after:

## Configuring the nREPL service

The `nREPL` service is intended to be used as a debugging tool and not directly called by any
other application code. So no useful functions are directly exported by this service. A `shutdown`
function is provided solely to allow the shutdown service to cleanly stop the `nREPL` server.

The `[nrepl]` section in a _trapperkeeper_ `.ini` configuration file specifies all the settings
needed to start up an `nREPL` server attached to _trapperkeeper_.

### `enabled`

The `enabled` flag is a boolean value, which can be set to either `"true"` or `"false"`. When
this is set to true, the `nREPL` server will start and accept connections. If this value is
not specified then `enabled=false` is assumed.

### `host`

The IP address to bind the nREPL server to. If not specified then `0.0.0.0` is used, which
indicates binding to all available interfaces.

### `port`

The port that the `nREPL` server is bound to. If no port is defined then the default value
of `7888` is used.

### `transport`

The transport function that the `nREPL` should use.  Valid values are `"tty"`
and `"bencode"`.  When this is set to tty you can connect to the nREPL with
regular telnet.

## Typical `config.ini` for nREPL

```ini
[nrepl]
port = 12345
enabled = true
```

## The `nREPL` server

For more information on the nREPL server see https://github.com/clojure/tools.nrepl/blob/master/README.md .
